h1. PasswdLDAP

PasswdLDAP is a Sinatra App that allows users to change their OpenLDAP Password

Copyright (C) 2012 Puzzle ITC GmbH - www.puzzle.ch

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License 
along with this program.  If not, see http://www.gnu.org/licenses/

h1. Features

* Users can change their LDAP Password in a simple webinterface
* No openldap Manager account credentials needed, first bind is anonymous, and then rebind with user credentials for changing their password
* Simple CAPTCHA with ASCII Art task
* LDAP Functions in separate class
* Test coverage

h1. Requirements

* Ruby
* Bundler (gem install bundler)


h1. Installation and Usage Notes

# download: @git clone git://github.com/puzzle/passwdldap.git@
# @cd passwdldap@
# Install requirements with bundler: @bundle install@
# Copy config.yml.example to config.yml and adapt to your Server
# Run the tests: @rake test@ Note: Currently two tests will fail
# Run the App: @bundle exec rackup@
# Access the Webapp at http://localhost:9292/

h1. Contact Information

PasswdLDAP was made by the guys at Puzzle ITC. Please go to "http://www.puzzle.ch/":http://www.puzzle.ch/ in order to get in touch with us.
Developer: Philipp Gassmann
